﻿﻿﻿﻿



1. General information
1.1 References in this privacy policy to “JINGHAO”, “we”, “us” or “our” mean Huizhou JINGHAO Medical Technology Co.,Ltd. 



The personal data that JINGHAO collects from you through the APP application (“mobile application” or "APP") as described

below.  Being a data controller means we will make sure your data is collected and used in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.







1.2 This privacy policy is in line with applicable data protection laws that may apply to you such as the

United States Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), the EU

General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),etc.

In the United States, any reference to HIPAA

under this privacy policy to personal data shall apply to the definition of Protected Health

Information under HIPAA. Protected Health Information is any piece of

information in an individual’ s medical record that was created, used, or

disclosed during the course of diagnosis or treatment that can be used to

personally identify you. 

 



1.3 This privacy policy is intended to

provide you with information on how we collects and for which purposes we

process your personal data when you use our APP. We supports the protection of

your privacy and the principles of disclosure and fair information practices.

We respects your privacy choices. If you share personal information with us,

the information will be treated according to this policy. We encourages you to

read this privacy policy.

 



1.4 If you are unwilling to accept the

terms and conditions of this privacy policy, we ask you to not use this APP. By

using the APP, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and provide consent to the collection,

use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this privacy policy.

 



1.5 We reserve the right to update this privacy policy occasionally.

We reserve the right to apply the terms of any updated privacy policy to the all personal data that

we maintain. We shall inform you about changes to a revised privacy policy by

posting in the APP. We recommend that you review this privacy policy periodically.



 



1.6

Contact info:Huizhou Jinghao Medical Technology Co., Ltd.

Addess:

  23D floor, World Trade Center Building, No.1 Henan’an Road, Huicheng District, Huizhou, Guangdong

  Province, China



  

Tel: 0086-752-2299187            Website: www.jhhearing.com

Email: hearingservice@hotmail.com



  

 

 



2. What
personal data do we collect
We collect personal data from you, for example when

you use our APP or website, use our services or contact us. a. To be able

to contact you, we may collect your personal data such as country/region, name,

telephone number, email address that you submit to us.



 



b. During the set-up of the APP, we gather identification data to identify you and allow the APP

to connect. We also record whether our privacy policy has been accepted by you

and whether you accepted or declined to help us improve our services. We may

store some information on your device(s). This information will be in the form

of a cookie, flash cookie or similar file and will help us in many ways.

 



(i) To be able to use APP, we need to collect identification data of your mobile

device such as type of mobile device, operating system, unique device id, IP

address, Bluetooth name, Bluetooth mac address.

 



(ii) To be able to use APP, we need to collect identification data of your hearing

aids such as serial number, firmware version, device type and technical log

information and the location (when you have accepted the GPS-enabled services).

 



(iii) We also collect information about the technical performance and adjustments such as program

usage, configurations and technical custom settings.



 c. If you allow, we may also use your data in a de-identified form to improve our services. You can opt

out from such data collection during the APP onboarding process or also later in the settings of this APP. We passively collect information to understand

what areas of the APP is most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies are being used by our visitors.



3. How do we
collect your personal data
We will collect your personal data from you, the APP, your hearing aids. We collect your personal data from the following

source(s):

(a)   directly from you,such as the information your enter the APP or

other forms or information you provide to us;



(b)  directly from the APP and the use of your hearing aids.



4. Sharing of
your personal data
4.1 we may also disclose any of the information you provide to respond to law enforcement requests and subpoenas

that are required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.



 



4.1.1 Where obliged or permitted to

disclose personal data without consent, we will not disclose more personal data

than is required. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take

commercially reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required

to provide your personal data to third parties as part of a legal process.

 



4.2 Please note that the above-mentioned affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as authorities,

customers and suppliers to whom we may disclose your personal data, may be

located outside of your country of domicile, potentially including countries

such as the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from those in

the country in which you are located. In such cases, we will ensure that

appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data by

implementing appropriate legal mechanisms.

 



4.3 In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, assignment or other transfer of the company or 

the business of to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in 

accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes.

 



4.4 We do not distribute your personally

identifiable information to third parties. However, we will have no

liability for disclosure of information obtained due to errors in transmission

or the unauthorized intervention of third parties.



5. Data retention and security
5.1 Your personal information will be stored for as

long as it is necessary in order to fulfil the purposes described above and

comply with minimum retention periods under applicable law. Following

the fulfilment of the purposes, we will delete your personal data when you

choose to delete the APP unless a longer retention period is required or

permitted by law or regulation.

 



5.2 We maintain physical, technical and administrative measures

to protect the privacy of your data through your use of the APP.



We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. In addition, we have limited 



access to your personal data to employees who have a relevant and reasonably required need to access your

 personal data and have committed themselves to confidentiality.  



In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your

personal data. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce

our employees' privacy responsibilities.



6. Your rights
Within the scope of the data protection laws applicable to you and under certain conditions, you may have the right to

access your personal data, the right to request the correction or erasure of your personal data or to request the restriction 

of processing of your personal data. You may have further rights depending on your domicile. Specifically,

in the United States under HIPAA you will have the following specific rights:

(1) request restrictions on certain uses and

disclosures,



(2) receive confidential communications related to

your personal data,



(3) inspect and copy your personal data,



(4) amend your personal information as allowed

under HIPAA,



(5) receive an accounting of disclosures of your

personal data.



 



You have the right to withdraw your

consent at any time by providing such revocation in writing. However, the

withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based

on consent before its withdrawal. In the United States, we will not use your

personal data for any other purposes not specifically allowed under HIPAA or

described in this privacy policy.

 

We are required by law to maintain the privacy

of your personal data, to provide individuals with notice of our legal duties

and to notify you in the event of a breach of your personal data. We are

required to abide by the terms of the privacy policy that are currently in effect. 

 

The withdrawal of consent must be made in

writing. For all other information or to exercise your rights, please write to hearingservice@hotmail.com.



 Finally,

you may have the right to lodge a complaint to your supervisory authorities. However, we

reserve the right to enforce statutory restrictions.



7. Changes to
the privacy policy
This privacy policy will be updated on a

regular basis and when necessary due to changes in applicable law. We will

notify you by updating this privacy policy as part of a general APP update. If

the changes of this privacy policy are regarded as material and significant,

you will be expressly informed hereof.  



8. Intellectual
Property
All trademarks, logos, designs, slogans,

and trade dress appearing in the APP are owned by JINGHAO and may not be changed, copied, reproduced, sold, supplemented or otherwise

used in any other way without the prior permission of JINGHAO. You should

assume that everything you see or read in the APP is copyrighted unless

otherwise noted.

 



9. Disclaimers
and Limitation of Liability
You acknowledge and agree that APP of JINGHAO is not intended to offer medical advice from JINGHAO. The APP is designed

to facilitate your communication with, and treatment by, a hearing care

professional, but are not a substitute for the professional judgement of a

qualified hearing care professional. 

The

mobile application and the information available through the mobile application

is provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE,” without any warranty or guaranty of any

kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. 



JINGHAO,

its affiliates and service providers are neither

responsible nor liable for any indirect,incidental,consequential,special,exemplary,punitive

or other damages arising out of or relating in any way to the mobile

application, and/or content or information contained within the mobile

application.